CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

This repository is pre-release (v0.4.x). Contributions should stay consistent with existing structure and guardrails.

## Dev setup

Requirements:

- PHP 8.2.x
- Composer
- For tests and fixtures: `pdo_sqlite` and `sqlite3`

Setup:

```bash
composer create-project fabryq/fabryq:dev-v0.4.x-dev fabryq-project
cd fabryq-project
php tools/env-check.php
```

## Coding standards

- Use `declare(strict_types=1);` in PHP files.
- Prefer `final` and `readonly` where appropriate (value objects, definitions).
- Follow existing namespace and folder conventions.
- Avoid service locator usage; prefer explicit dependencies or `FabryqContext`.
- Keep public API changes documented in `CHANGELOG.md`.

## Tests and gates

- PHPUnit:

```bash
composer test
# or
vendor/bin/phpunit
```

- PHP lint:

```bash
composer lint
```

- Fabryq gates:

```bash
bin/console fabryq:verify
bin/console fabryq:review
bin/console fabryq:doctor
```

## PR checklist

- [ ] `composer test` passes
- [ ] `composer lint` passes
- [ ] `bin/console fabryq:verify` and `bin/console fabryq:doctor` pass or failures are explained
- [ ] Docs updated for behavioral changes
- [ ] `CHANGELOG.md` updated when behavior changes

## Release checklist (manual)

- [ ] Update version numbers in `composer.json` files under `packages/`
- [ ] Move items from Unreleased to the new version in `CHANGELOG.md`
- [ ] Run `composer test`, `composer lint`, `bin/console fabryq:verify`, and `bin/console fabryq:doctor`
- [ ] Tag the release and push tags

Commit message:

test(cli): cover error paths and config parsing

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

This repository is pre-release (v0.4.x). Contributions should stay consistent with existing structure and guardrails.

## Dev setup

Requirements:

- PHP 8.2.x
- Composer
- For tests and fixtures: `pdo_sqlite` and `sqlite3`

Setup:

```bash
composer create-project fabryq/fabryq:dev-v0.4.x-dev fabryq-project
cd fabryq-project
php tools/env-check.php
```

## Coding standards

- Use `declare(strict_types=1);` in PHP files.
- Prefer `final` and `readonly` where appropriate (value objects, definitions).
- Follow existing namespace and folder conventions.
- Avoid service locator usage; prefer explicit dependencies or `FabryqContext`.
- Keep public API changes documented in `CHANGELOG.md`.

## Tests and gates

- PHPUnit:

```bash
composer test
# or
vendor/bin/phpunit
```

- PHP lint:

```bash
composer lint
```

- Fabryq gates:

```bash
bin/console fabryq:verify
bin/console fabryq:review
bin/console fabryq:doctor
```

## Test coverage notes

- Fixture-based CLI tests exercise dry-run, locking, remove/scaffold, CRUD, and config error handling.
- Config parsing and report link rendering are covered via unit tests.
- Import pruning and crossing entity-to-interface replacements are verified in tests.
- CLI error-path tests cover invalid fix mode/selection, missing components/apps, and debug output.

## PR checklist

- [ ] `composer test` passes
- [ ] `composer lint` passes
- [ ] `bin/console fabryq:verify` and `bin/console fabryq:doctor` pass or failures are explained
- [ ] Docs updated for behavioral changes
- [ ] `CHANGELOG.md` updated when behavior changes

## Release checklist (manual)

- [ ] Update version numbers in `composer.json` files under `packages/`
- [ ] Move items from Unreleased to the new version in `CHANGELOG.md`
- [ ] Run `composer test`, `composer lint`, `bin/console fabryq:verify`, and `bin/console fabryq:doctor`
- [ ] Tag the release and push tags
