docs/GETTING_STARTED.md, before:

# Getting Started

This guide walks you through a minimal, working Fabryq setup from the repo.

Docs index: [INDEX](INDEX.md).

## Requirements

- PHP 8.2.x
- Composer
- For tests and fixtures: `pdo_sqlite` and `sqlite3`

## Install (repo)

```bash
composer create-project fabryq/fabryq . -s dev
```

Optional environment gate:

```bash
php tools/env-check.php
```

Expected output:

```
Environment gate passed.
```

## Create a first app and component

```bash
bin/console fabryq:app:create Billing --mount=/billing
bin/console fabryq:component:create Billing Payments
```

Expected output:

```
App "billing" created at <project>/src/Apps/Billing.
Component "Payments" created in app billing.
```

## Run the verification gate

```bash
bin/console fabryq:verify
```

Expected output:

```
Fabryq Verification
No issues found.
```

## Inspect reports

Verification writes artifacts to:

- `state/reports/verify/latest.json`
- `state/reports/verify/latest.md`

## Next steps

- Learn the architecture vocabulary: [Concepts](CONCEPTS.md)
- Understand enforced rules: [Guardrails](GUARDRAILS.md)
- Use the CLI effectively: [CLI](CLI.md)
- Follow end-to-end tasks: [Workflows](WORKFLOWS.md)

Commit message:

docs(getting-started): clarify why commands are available in skeleton

docs/GETTING_STARTED.md, after:

# Getting Started

This guide walks you through a minimal, working Fabryq setup from the repo.

Docs index: [INDEX](INDEX.md).

## Requirements

- PHP 8.2.x
- Composer
- For tests and fixtures: `pdo_sqlite` and `sqlite3`

## Install (repo)

```bash
composer create-project fabryq/fabryq . -s dev
```

Optional environment gate:

```bash
php tools/env-check.php
```

Expected output:

```
Environment gate passed.
```

## Why the commands are available

Projects created with the skeleton enable Fabryq bundles in `config/bundles.php`, so `bin/console` exposes `fabryq:*` commands by default.

Advanced: if you disable bundles, re-enable `FabryqRuntimeBundle` and `FabryqCliBundle` to restore the commands.

## Create a first app and component

```bash
bin/console fabryq:app:create Billing --mount=/billing
bin/console fabryq:component:create Billing Payments
```

Expected output:

```
App "billing" created at <project>/src/Apps/Billing.
Component "Payments" created in app billing.
```

## Run the verification gate

```bash
bin/console fabryq:verify
```

Expected output:

```
Fabryq Verification
No issues found.
```

## Inspect reports

Verification writes artifacts to:

- `state/reports/verify/latest.json`
- `state/reports/verify/latest.md`

## Next steps

- Learn the architecture vocabulary: [Concepts](CONCEPTS.md)
- Understand enforced rules: [Guardrails](GUARDRAILS.md)
- Use the CLI effectively: [CLI](CLI.md)
- Follow end-to-end tasks: [Workflows](WORKFLOWS.md)
