docs/INDEX.md, before:

# Fabryq Documentation

This is the entry point for Fabryq v0.3.x pre-release documentation.

## Start here
- [Getting Started](GETTING_STARTED.md)
- [Concepts](CONCEPTS.md)
- [Project Structure](PROJECT_STRUCTURE.md)
- [CLI](CLI.md)
- [Guardrails](GUARDRAILS.md)
- [Workflows](WORKFLOWS.md)
- [Troubleshooting](TROUBLESHOOTING.md)
- [FAQ](FAQ.md)
- [Roadmap](ROADMAP.md)

## Doc map (source -> explanation)
| Area | Source paths | Docs |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Manifests and capabilities | `packages/contracts/src`, `packages/runtime/src/Discovery` | [Concepts](CONCEPTS.md), [Project Structure](PROJECT_STRUCTURE.md) |
| Runtime discovery, routing, resources | `packages/runtime/src` | [Concepts](CONCEPTS.md), [Project Structure](PROJECT_STRUCTURE.md) |
| CLI gates, reports, fixers | `packages/cli/src`, `packages/cli/bin` | [CLI](CLI.md), [Guardrails](GUARDRAILS.md), [Workflows](WORKFLOWS.md) |
| Assets publishing | `packages/cli/src/Assets` | [CLI](CLI.md), [Guardrails](GUARDRAILS.md) |
| Example provider | `packages/provider-http-client` | [Concepts](CONCEPTS.md) |
| Project template and demo | `skeleton`, `examples/demo` | [Getting Started](GETTING_STARTED.md), [Workflows](WORKFLOWS.md) |
| Tools and tests | `tools`, `tests` | [Contributing](../CONTRIBUTING.md) |

## Other docs
- Contributing guide: [CONTRIBUTING.md](../CONTRIBUTING.md)
- Security policy: [SECURITY.md](../SECURITY.md)
- Changelog: [CHANGELOG.md](../CHANGELOG.md)

Commit message:

docs(index): fix docs entrypoint and remove legacy doc paths

docs/INDEX.md, after:

# Fabryq Documentation

This is the entry point for Fabryq v0.3.x pre-release documentation. Treat it as the single docs start for this line.

## Start here
- [Getting Started](GETTING_STARTED.md)
- [Concepts](CONCEPTS.md)
- [Project Structure](PROJECT_STRUCTURE.md)
- [CLI](CLI.md)
- [Guardrails](GUARDRAILS.md)
- [Workflows](WORKFLOWS.md)
- [Troubleshooting](TROUBLESHOOTING.md)
- [FAQ](FAQ.md)
- [Roadmap](ROADMAP.md)

## Doc map (source -> explanation)
| Area | Source paths | Docs |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Manifests and capabilities | `packages/contracts/src`, `packages/runtime/src/Discovery` | [Concepts](CONCEPTS.md), [Project Structure](PROJECT_STRUCTURE.md) |
| Runtime discovery, routing, resources | `packages/runtime/src` | [Concepts](CONCEPTS.md), [Project Structure](PROJECT_STRUCTURE.md) |
| CLI gates, reports, fixers | `packages/cli/src`, `packages/cli/bin` | [CLI](CLI.md), [Guardrails](GUARDRAILS.md), [Workflows](WORKFLOWS.md) |
| Assets publishing | `packages/cli/src/Assets` | [CLI](CLI.md), [Guardrails](GUARDRAILS.md) |
| Example provider | `packages/provider-http-client` | [Concepts](CONCEPTS.md) |
| Project template and demo | `skeleton`, `examples/demo` | [Getting Started](GETTING_STARTED.md), [Workflows](WORKFLOWS.md) |
| Tools and tests | `tools`, `tests` | [Contributing](../CONTRIBUTING.md) |

## Other docs
- Contributing guide: [CONTRIBUTING.md](../CONTRIBUTING.md)
- Security policy: [SECURITY.md](../SECURITY.md)
- Changelog: [CHANGELOG.md](../CHANGELOG.md)
